_projects/la_belle_et_la_boeuf.md, before:

---
title: 'La Belle et La Boeuf'

subtitle: 'Print design and branding'

date: 2018-06-30 00:00:01

description: La Belle et La Boeuf (The Beauty and The Beef) is an innovative burger bar chain. I created posters, billboards, menus and other promotions material for the brand.

featured_image: '/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/preview-bb.jpg'

ref: bb

lang: en

featured: true

---

They're branding is grungy and punk, with a bit of nostalgia. Their stores feature walls covered in graffiti and will always be playing some old-school hip hop music or rock and roll classics.

I always really enjoyed creating graphics for La Belle et La Boeuf. Their bold and punk inspired branding was always fun to work on and matched really well with my own personal style. I've always been a big fan of graffiti and grunge style graphics, so here was a perfect way to flex that design muscle. It was also one of the first major brands I had the chance to work with which really push me creatively and was a experience for my progression as a designer. 

## "Fabulous" Billboard Campaign

Billboard campaign launched to promote brand awareness around the Montreal area by highlighting the two main products: food and drinks.
The concept was to create an image that would make people think "wait, what?" because of the over the top nature of our presentation and make a lasting impression.
This project was heavy in photo manipulation. I edited many different photos together to create the man on the billboard, since there was no photo shoot. 

![](/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/fabuleux.jpg)


## Flyers

Permanent in-store flyer designed to get attention and inform clients of specials and events.

<div class="gallery" data-columns="3">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/bento_box_flyer.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/spank_me_burger_flyer.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/shots_flyer.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/happy_hour_flyer.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/ave_caesar.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/nuclear_burger_flyer.jpg">
</div>

## Posters

Posters to raise client awareness of limited time promotions and menu items.

<div class="gallery" data-columns="3">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/miami-vice-poster.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/superbowl-2019.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/misty-twist.jpg">
</div>

Commit message:

BIG DESIGN UPDATE -New content -Animations -About me page -Updated featured projects -New splash graphic

_projects/la_belle_et_la_boeuf.md, after:

---
title: 'La Belle et La Boeuf'
subtitle: 'Graphic Design'

description: Billboard, poster and packaging design for La Belle et La Boeuf burger bar. 

featured: true

tags: graphic design, poster, billboard
category: client

date: 2018-06-30 00:00:01
location: Montreal

featured_image: '/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/preview-bb.jpg'

ref: bb
lang: en

---

![](/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/fabuleux.jpg)

### *Fabulous* Billboard

**Goal:** Create an eye-catching billboard design featuring the two main products (burgers and specialty cocktails). Because of the LB&LB's out-of-the-box branding, we wanted something that would stand out and make poeple think "wait, what?".

**Process:** Brainstorm concepts with the marketing team. After deciding on the concept, I began looking for source images to photoshop the design. This project was heavy in photo manipulation. I edited *many* different photos together to create the man on the billboard, since there was no photo shoot. 

**Final product:** A design up to pringting spec for *outfornt media*. This billboard was visable in the city and off of highways all around the greater Montreal area.

### Flyers

Permanent in-store flyer designed to get attention and inform clients of specials and events.

<div class="gallery" data-columns="3">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/bento_box_flyer.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/spank_me_burger_flyer.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/shots_flyer.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/happy_hour_flyer.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/ave_caesar.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/nuclear_burger_flyer.jpg">
</div>

### Posters

Posters to raise client awareness of limited time promotions and menu items.

<div class="gallery" data-columns="3">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/miami-vice-poster.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/superbowl-2019.jpg">
	<img src="/images/portfolio/belle_et_boeuf/misty-twist.jpg">
</div>
